Is Mr. Jiang talking about yourself?
I think everybody here is a veteran.
Familiar with the company's business
Everyone here
Can you be this executive director?
What does Jiang think of me?
How about you?
Businesses controlled by Mr. Jiang
It has been in various subsidiaries for several consecutive years
All the best
So I personally think
Now there is Mr. Jiang as a director
No intention can lead us through this difficult time
Anybody else?
I served. I served.
If so
Then Qiangzi will temporarily replace the executive director
This kid really gave up like this
Chen Zhenda
If you knew you had such a good son
Time to jump out of the coffin